no no Brian
to control your your your because our
time we need step on that field it's
your destiny the breakfast you control
your own destiny and that's it agree
else wants it more we're hungry we're
faster we're better I see with my own
eyes we're strong when we're done more
focused than ever ripple more focused
than ever before any earlier any other
season that I am witness that this year
it's gonna be our finest hour this year
is gonna be our greatest moment this
year this season we dominate annihilate
and assassinate every other team every
other team that stairs here on that turf
peers get on that field there's sense
before you there to stand in front of
you standing before you and then not you
it stops you of your dream stop you of
your goal and to stop you from dollars
we are we our trophy there is our
championship
that is our stunt championship that is
our that is your championship we would
not be denied
we will not be stopped we are stronger
we are better we are ready
the wolf under towel and every single
thing every single desperate sting we're
gonna fences here we're gonna knock it
down
we're gonna catch here down and we're
gonna go all the way my god we already
work of a ball
are you ready counting are you ready
other densities Gaston we are we will
not let to you but a knock every single
one yeah yeah now every single one yup
on the ground can't be on the ground and
we are going to dominant our non right
assassinate all of you and with all the
dust settles but all the dust clears we
are going to be as we are destined to be
that we are meant to be and we are going
to be the best the number one teeth and
not only Texas football high school
football and not series
our time our time to dominate time all
the way no body is doing these dollars
and that's God
you